---
layout: event 
title: "MapPH & OSM Philippines Mapathon"
date: 2017-11-25
pre-event: false
post-event: true
time: "9:00am-5:00pm"
speaker:
twitter: ""
organization: MapPH & OSM Philippines
permalink: event/mapphosm/
tags:
  - saturday
category: event
published: true
lat: 14.54228
lon: 121.01847
---

On Saturday, November 25 Grab is helping us celebrate OpenStreetMap's Geography Awareness Week with a mapping party!

Every November, students, families and communities host events around the world to celebrate the importance of geography. Our mapping party helps contribute to OpenStreetMap, the free and openly editable map of the world. Learn more about OpenStreetMap.

Join our mapping party to learn how to map, and meet other mappers! From tourism and agriculture, to flood risk and transportation, maps help make our communities better. Learn why our goal is to map the Philippines by 2018.
#osmgeoweek #mapPH #osm #openstreetmap #SDGs #grabPH

Free tickets with registration
Dress code: Come as you are, bring a valid ID
Bring your own laptop & charger - bring a mouse for easier mapping!


Saturday, November 25, 2017
9:00am Registration and Breakfast
9:30am Welcome
10:00am Learn to Map & Mapping Tasks
12:00pm Lunch!
1:00pm Learn to Map & Mapping Tasks
4:30pm Prizes!
5:00pm Close


Grab Office
12th Floor Wilcon IT Hub
2251 Chino Roces corner EDSA
Makati, Metro Manila

Grab is Southeast Asia’s leading on-demand transportation and mobile payments platform. Grab solves critical transportation challenges to make transport freedom a reality for 620 million people in Southeast Asia. Grab’s core product platform includes transport solutions for drivers and passengers with an emphasis on convenience, safety and reliability, as well as its proprietary mobile payments platform, GrabPay, which is increasing access to mobile payment solutions for millions of Grab riders and drivers across Southeast Asia and deepening financial inclusion in the region. In Indonesia, Grab’s network of 500,000 agents is helping the unbanked and underbanked utilize GrabPay’s platform to participate in the digital revolution. Grab currently offers services in Singapore, Indonesia, Philippines, Malaysia, Thailand, Vietnam and Myanmar. For more information, please visit: http://www.grab.com.

[Sign Up Here](https://grabnov25.eventbrite.com)
